[Music]
the rainy weather we had today will be
the theme for the next
several days in a row nearly daily
chances for rain this week we get some
spring-like weather or at least
spring-like temperatures along
with that so a little bit of everything
coming in the week ahead as we look at
satellite and radar now
here's where the morning showers ended
up well to the south of us into southern
illinois a little activity trying to
sneak in on radar out of iowa that is
likely fizzling out upon arrival there's
too much dry air underneath all that
shower activity
and as you can see on future track
anything that is out there right now
approaching us
dives to the south stays south of i-80
we will be quiet tonight and same for
tomorrow morning
it's this next little round of activity
you see in iowa that will move on in by
tomorrow afternoon so expecting some
light rain showers at about two o'clock
and that will continue then
throughout the late afternoon hours we
should be dry again
heading into monday evening so plan out
our dry start to the day
a little rain in the late afternoon and
then things dry right back up again
monday evening so leading up to that
point definitely a brisk night ahead
down to 30 for an overnight low under a
mainly cloudy sky the light north breeze
and tomorrow staying chilly like we saw
today only in the middle 40s for highs
under mainly cloudy conditions
then we throw the rain on top of it just
looking at a little brisk weather for
tomorrow
afternoon looking ahead then all sorts
of chances for
a wet weather tuesday evening into early
wednesday morning looking at rain
showers
and the possibility some thunderstorms
wednesday night into early thursday
followed by more thunderstorms as a
possibility friday afternoon and into
friday evening
could see over an inch of rainfall in
total tomorrow
through friday so plenty of wet weather
to go
here's a general overview from future
track you can see that
as we go to tuesday evening light rain
showers breaking out across the state
line that continues into early wednesday
morning and then wednesday looks
mainly dry until we get to wednesday
evening that's when another round of
rain shower activity slides on and
it's late wednesday night possibility of
a few thunderstorms
as a warm front comes through and we'll
show you what's going to do to our
temperatures in just a second here but
you can see that by early thursday we're
drying out again so thursday
actually looks like a mainly dry day it
could be our first one of the week we
then head into friday
more showers on the way a cold front
slides through and that could spark some
scattered showers and thunderstorms
friday afternoon
that carries on into friday evening and
then the weather dries out possibly
for good on saturday as then we get a
whole day of dry weather before rain
returns on sunday
here's future track rainfall and through
friday night at the very least up to an
inch of
rain so some soaking showers ahead
throughout the course
of the week on top of all that look what
the temperatures do
cool start to the week yes the 70s
by the middle of the week and then we're
dropping back down again into the 50s so
we definitely get
a bit of warmth later on this week so
plan on early in the week some rainy
weather especially in the mornings
late in the week keep an eye out for
storms we'll monitor for severe risks
right now those look to be out of the
picture and definitely don't put away
those summer clothes yet because of the
very warm conditions on the way
for thursday 73 in the temp in the
forecast
look what happens late in the week back
down to the low 50s and in your most
accurate 10-day forecast
we stay on the cooler end of things into
the week beyond
that sam over to you all right alex